feat: 50_test-if-contact.md (#407)
dialoguemd/covid-19: src/regions/ca/info/faq/50_test-if-contact.md

> ## Should I get tested if I was in contact with someone who has or is suspected of having covid19,but do not have any symptoms?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Should I get tested if I was in contact with someone who has or is suspected of having COVID-19,but do not have any symptoms?
```
